docs: intro sentence for date-dropdown (#1605)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/controls/buttons/toggle-buttons.md

# Toggle buttons

<Tags />
<!-- introduction start -->

> Toggle buttons allow users to activate and deactivate a function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toggle buttons allow users to either activate or deactivate a function.
```
